To enable templates, copy them to your "Resources/ScriptTemplates" folder, in the
base Unity directory.

This is typically "C:/ProgramFiles/Unity/Editor/Data/Resources/ScriptTemplates".

Template names follow the format of "ID-MENU_MENUOPTION-DEFAULTNAME.txt".

 - ID does not *appear* to be discriminative. You can, and will, have multiple templates
   with the same ID. As such, the only recommendation is to use the same ID for all 
   templates of the same generic type, i.e, C# script or JavaScript files.
 - MENU denotes the menu directory for the template, when the user selects "Create" 
   from within the Project view. You can specify additonal sub menus using further 
   underscores; "MENU_SUBMENU" places the option under "Create > MENU > SUBMENU".
   Spaces are permitted.
 - MENUOPTION denotes the actual menu listing, within the specified MENU directory. 
   This is the option you will actually click on to create a script of the desired 
   template. Spaces are permitted.
 - DEFAULTNAME denotes the default name the new asset will take. This is only a 
   formality, as you should be specifying a name when you create the asset. Regardless, 
   ensure you include the correct file extension. C# script names, for example, 
   should end in ".cs".
   
There are generic templates already provided in the templates folder. You can override
these templates, but DO NOT rename them. They are referenced by name, internally, and 
altering the name can break Unity.

For example, the generic MonoBehaviour template "C# Script-NewBehaviourScript.cs.txt" 
is used to create default C# scripts, and more importantly, when we create a C# script 
from the "Add Component" menu, while inspecting a game object. If this script can not 
be found, by name, you will not be able to create C# scripts in this way.

You can copy and paste the templates found in this folder to your own templates folder, 
without any perceived issue. Please keep in mind that they include further editing 
directives; as such, they will not work as intended unless you include the accompanying 
ScriptCreation Editor scripts.